So how do your Shell scripts actually run?
Well, when you typed in, 'say', and then 'whatever-text-you-wanted', this say command; you were telling the computer
to use that say command and then passing it whatever information you wanted.
So your your little command line prompt here is interpreting what command you want to run and with what
arguments.
So that's why you call the shell a command line interpreter.
So basically that's all what shell scripting is.
So you can type in as many commands as you want.
echo this.
echo that.
So if you copied and pasted these two lines right into a file and ran it with Bash, it would print
this and that.
So that's kind of the nice thing about shell scripting versus other programming languages--
--and shell code really isn't a programming language per-say, but it's really nice because you can just
type out the commands and try them out yourself first and then paste them into a file and they'll run
exactly the same way.